Prepare workshop (#1)
membraneframework-labs/workshop_elixir_conf_us_2024: README.md

# Membrane - workshops

Prerequisites:

> - Linux or Mac OS (if Windows is your only option, you'll need a VM for the Membrane part, preferably with Ubuntu 22.04)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Linux or MacOS (if Windows is your only option, you'll need a VM for the Membrane part, preferably with Ubuntu 22.04)
```

- Elixir - https://elixir-lang.org/install.html
- Livebook - Mac: https://livebook.dev/#install, Linux: https://github.com/livebook-dev/livebook#direct-installation-with-elixir

> To run metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run livebook with Membrane internal metrics visualization:
```

>  - get node identifier of your currently running livebook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - get node identifier of the livebook in which you run your pipeline
```
